README.markdown, before:

 ActiveRecord ReadMe
=====================

About:
======
ActiveRecord is an insanely easy to use database framework written in objective-c
It's obviously "inspired" by (copying) the infamous ActiveRecord that comes with Rails(http://rubyonrails.org)
But it tries to be more versatile when it comes to working with multiple connections.

I'm not very good at writing these things so consult the docs/tutorials/whatever for more info. (scroll down!)

ActiveRecord was written by ninja kitten (http://ninjakitten.us) and is licensed with the BSD license.

Features:
=========
 * Supported databases
  - SQLite 3
  - MySQL 5.0
 * Supported relationships
  - Has many
  - Has one
  - Has and belongs to many
  - Belongs to
 * Almost no code required

Using on iPhone:
====================
Building for iPhone is rather simple.
* **Step 1:**
 * Check out the latest code and rename the directory to "activerecord-read-only"
 * Build for mac os x
This will create a directory called 'iPhone Headers' which contains all the headers you need (Add it to your project's header search path)

* **Step 2:**
 * Unzip the project template located in the activerecord directory and copy it to /Developer/Platforms/iPhoneOS.platform/Developer/Library/Xcode/Project Templates/Application

* **Step 3:**
 * Create a new project using the template in the same directory as your checkout

Now you should be able to use ActiveRecord just like you would on a mac (Except without MySQL support).

If you have any troubles you can check out a screencast I threw up on http://ninjakitten.us/activerecord/activerecord_iphone.mov if you still have issues, just email me and I'll try to help.

Minitutorial
=============
To create a model there are 2 steps.
* **1** Create the table in your database
* **2** Create a model class named as the singularized version of your table name (people -> person)

**Example:**
Let's say I created a table called 'people' with 3 columns.
 - id as the primary key
 - firstName as varchar(255)
 - lastName  as varchar(255)
Then we'd create the following class definition:

	@interface Person : ARBase
	@end

And to prevent the compiler from complaining when we call custom accessors we also create properties
to suppress 'method missing' warnings. So the class definition will look like:

	@interface Person : ARBase
		@property(readwrite, assign) NSString *firstName, *lastName
	@end

and that's it. Now we can get people like so:

	NSArray *people = [Person find:ARFindAll];

and if we want the name of the second person we could:

	Person *person = [people objectAtIndex:1];
	NSLog(@"%@ %@", person.firstName, person.lastName);

Contributing:
=============
If you wish to send patches you can email them to fjolnir@gmail.com

When writing patches please keep in mind the existing coding style
Here's most of it:

	- (id)aMethod:(int)argument
	{
	  int myVar = 123;
	  if(myVar != 123)
	    NSLog(@"impossible!");
	  else
	  {
	    NSLog(@"Very possible..");
	    // More lines of code!
	  }
	}

Commit message:

Added missing implementation example to readme

README.markdown, after:

 ActiveRecord ReadMe
=====================

About:
======
ActiveRecord is an insanely easy to use database framework written in objective-c
It's obviously "inspired" by (copying) the infamous ActiveRecord that comes with Rails(http://rubyonrails.org)
But it tries to be more versatile when it comes to working with multiple connections.

I'm not very good at writing these things so consult the docs/tutorials/whatever for more info. (scroll down!)

ActiveRecord was written by ninja kitten (http://ninjakitten.us) and is licensed with the BSD license.

Features:
=========
 * Supported databases
  - SQLite 3
  - MySQL 5.0
 * Supported relationships
  - Has many
  - Has one
  - Has and belongs to many
  - Belongs to
 * Almost no code required

Using on iPhone:
====================
Building for iPhone is rather simple.
* **Step 1:**
 * Check out the latest code and rename the directory to "activerecord-read-only"
 * Build for mac os x
This will create a directory called 'iPhone Headers' which contains all the headers you need (Add it to your project's header search path)

* **Step 2:**
 * Unzip the project template located in the activerecord directory and copy it to /Developer/Platforms/iPhoneOS.platform/Developer/Library/Xcode/Project Templates/Application

* **Step 3:**
 * Create a new project using the template in the same directory as your checkout

Now you should be able to use ActiveRecord just like you would on a mac (Except without MySQL support).

If you have any troubles you can check out a screencast I threw up on http://ninjakitten.us/activerecord/activerecord_iphone.mov if you still have issues, just email me and I'll try to help.

Minitutorial
=============
To create a model there are 2 steps.
* **1** Create the table in your database
* **2** Create a model class named as the singularized version of your table name (people -> person)

**Example:**
Let's say I created a table called 'people' with 3 columns.
 - id as the primary key
 - firstName as varchar(255)
 - lastName  as varchar(255)
Then we'd create the following class definition:

	@interface Person : ARBase
	@end

And to prevent the compiler from complaining when we call custom accessors we also create properties
to suppress 'method missing' warnings. So the class definition will look like:

	@interface Person : ARBase
		@property(readwrite, assign) NSString *firstName, *lastName
	@end
	
and the implementation:

	@implementation Person
		@dynamic firstName, lastName
	@end

That's it. Now we can get people like so:

	NSArray *people = [Person find:ARFindAll];

and if we want the name of the second person we could:

	Person *person = [people objectAtIndex:1];
	NSLog(@"%@ %@", person.firstName, person.lastName);

Contributing:
=============
If you wish to send patches you can email them to fjolnir@gmail.com

When writing patches please keep in mind the existing coding style
Here's most of it:

	- (id)aMethod:(int)argument
	{
	  int myVar = 123;
	  if(myVar != 123)
	    NSLog(@"impossible!");
	  else
	  {
	    NSLog(@"Very possible..");
	    // More lines of code!
	  }
	}
